README.md, before:

# Beasties 

Beasties is a React application that displays information and images of horned animals using React components to render the UI components.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Collaboration and Attribution

- Thanks to Michael Metcalf for helping me dial in the syntax in Main.js (particularly with the grouping symbols and structure)
- Heart icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/).

## Lab 02
### Feature #1: Display images
Estimate of time needed to complete: 40 min 
Start time: 5:55pm
Finish time: 9:05pm
Actual time needed to complete: 3hr

### Feature 2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 min
Start time: 9:15pm
Finish time: 10:50pm
Actual time needed to complete: 1h30m

### Feature 3: Bootstrap
Estimate of time needed to complete: _____
Start time: _____
Finish time: _____
Actual time needed to complete: _____

## Lab 03
### Feature #1: Display a Modal
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1h30m

Start time: 4:15pm

Finish time: _____

Actual time needed to complete: _____

Commit message:

Updates README with time for completion and attribution for Michael Milsap's help

README.md, after:

# Beasties 

Beasties is a React application that displays information and images of horned animals using React components to render the UI components.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Collaboration and Attribution

- Thanks to Michael Metcalf for helping me dial in the syntax in Main.js (particularly with the grouping symbols and structure)
- Special thanks to Michael Milsap for assisting me with the Bootstrap Modal component and syntax (and generally tolerating my sass)
- Heart icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com) from [flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/).

## Lab 02
### Feature #1: Display images
Estimate of time needed to complete: 40 min 
Start time: 5:55pm
Finish time: 9:05pm
Actual time needed to complete: 3hr

### Feature 2: Allow users to vote for their favorite beast
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 min
Start time: 9:15pm
Finish time: 10:50pm
Actual time needed to complete: 1h30m

### Feature 3: Bootstrap
Estimate of time needed to complete: _____
Start time: _____
Finish time: _____
Actual time needed to complete: _____

## Lab 03
### Feature #1: Display a Modal
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1h30m

Start time: 4:15pm

Finish time: 12:35am

Actual time needed to complete: 6.5hrs (there were breaks)
